So, you'll notice that I have avatars and
that I guess as a joke for an Instagram
clone, did I decide it was gonna be
people taking pictures of their food?
Yes, but a lot of times when
you are building out a mock for
a given design, there is the important
stuff which is the layout.
And then there's the unimportant
stuff which is the fake content.
And because we're human,
most of the time we will hyper fixate
on the unimportant stuff at
the neglect of the important stuff.
So I'm gonna show you a cool
little trick and plugin for
making your life slightly easier,
so we can grab anything.
In this case, we're gonna make get like 3,
4, let's make 5 frames.
And let's say these are eventually
gonna be avatars, right?
And so that's a tailwind trick you just
make the border radius ridiculous and
circle, cool, that's how tell
when does the rounded things,
it's just that literal.
>> Can you do percentages in there,
do 50%?
>> I think you can, but
I think it turns it into numbers, right?
The math works, I mean in this case,
but it will turn it,
you saw when I did 100%, I don't know.
I was 100% the current value is trying to
do math to I don't know what happens if I
start normally I think about zero 100%
would be 100% zero which is zero.
But like for something that's small,
like five doesn't work too,
but we'll go with the value that I
know works in almost all situations.
And then we can go up to
these Plug-ins up here and
there's one by our friends at
Microsoft called Content Reel.
And this is super useful because you can
either generate if you look there's fake
text, right, that's auto like just
libraries of like fake stuff that
you can fill in there so
if you're doing addresses or whatever.
But there's also images where you can
get like avatars, there's one for
food as you can imagine,
that's where the food pictures came from.
I find it slightly offensive
that as far as I could tell,
all the maps are of the San Francisco
Bay Area, I don't like that.
And so we can click Avatars here, and
I have five frames selected
I can hit apply all and
it will randomly fill in five
of those avatars, right?
So if you do need just some like
generated fake content for a design,
it's free, it's great.
You don't need to sign in, you only need
to sign if you wanna add your own stuff.
But then you can add your own library if
there is like unique stuff to whatever
design you working on.
But that is where all of
this fake stuff comes from.